bridge the gap (#26)
minrk/horizon-widera-2022: tasks/binder-at-home.tex

The compute resources offered through mybinder are modest: at most 2 GB of RAM
and a single CPU core (\TODO{check this!}).
Most laptops and Desktops have similar or much better hardware capabilities than
the mybinder cloud-computing resources currently offer.

> For some research area, it is essential to access Big data sets to reproduce the scientific computing workflow.  For such cases, it is essential to reproduce the work, using infrastructure have optimised access to the data, so that one does not consume unessesary computing and network resources.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some research areas, it is essential to access big data sets to reproduce the scientific computing workflow.  For such cases, it is essential to reproduce the work using infrastructure that has optimised access to the data, so that one does not consume unnessesary computing and network resources.  
```

the responsibility of BinderHub for a single-user use case, and which triggers
the local build of the software environment, start of Jupyter notebook
server and opening of the relevant local URL and port an a browser.

> This effort will brididge the gap between binderhub.org to "Home"; users could not control the infrastreucture where they reproduce , to make computational experiments, by giving the freedome to the researchers to chose where they make their computational experiments in a simple manner.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This effort will bridge the gap from mybinder.org to ``Home'';
by giving the freedom and digital sovereignty
to the researchers to chose where they execute their computational experiments in a simple manner,
without sacrificing the convenience of the mybinder.org service.
```
